DOC: add remote upstream (#25828)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/devel/development_setup.rst

This will place the sources in a directory :file:`matplotlib` below your

> current working directory and set up the ``origin`` remote to point to your own

Reviewer: ```suggestion
current working directory and set up a remote repository ``origin`` pointing to your own
```
Is this clearer?
